/*****************************************************************************
  RepeatMasker "open-3.0" and later versions are distributed under the
  Open Source License.  Please read license.txt for more information.
/*****************************************************************************

Updates of the RepeatMasker program are distributed without its repeat
consensus sequence files. The database falls under the copy rights of
the Genetic Information Research Institute and are available at its
website http://www.girinst.org/server/RepBase/RepBase.rptmsk.tar.gz

We maintain these libraries as co-editor of RepBase Update and aim to
keep them in synch with the RepBase Update libraries.  However, at any
one time there are differences.  Entries can differ somewhat in
sequence, generally not by more than a few percent.  The nomenclature
is by and large identical. Discrepant RepBase and RepeatMasker names
for identical sequences are indicated in the EMBL formatted version of
the RepeatMasker database.

An inevitable origin of differences is RepeatMasker's extensive
post-alignment processing (improvement) of the repeat annotation. For
one of many examples, internal sequences of LTR elements can be named
after the LTRs, even if there is no specific entry for that element in
the databases.

The script queryRepeatDatabase.pl in the utilities directory
( RepeatMasker/util/ ) will display how many repeats are in the library
for a given species. For poorly-covered species, you can create your
own libraries and use these with RepeatMasker. Alternatively, you can
mask your sequence using our transposon-protein database at
http://www.repeatmasker.org/cgi-bin/RepeatProteinMaskRequest. We will 
make the protein-masking program and database part of the downloaded
RepeatMasker package in the near future.

Arian




